Description:

In a busy warehouse packing station, workers arrange boxes on a conveyor belt.
Each box has a unique lowercase label like "a", "b", "c", etc., and the full arrangement of boxes forms a string such as "abcde".
Due to the conveyor belt movement, the boxes keep rotating in a cycle.
The rule of movement is simple:
 The leftmost box moves to the rightmost position after each shift.
So, "abcde" becomes "bcdea" after one shift.
Now, the manager wants to check whether a new arrangement of boxes can be achieved only by rotating (shifting) the conveyor belt — without changing positions manually.
For example, if the current arrangement is "abcde" and the target arrangement is "cdeab",
After two shifts:
1st shift → "bcdea"
2nd shift → "cdeab"
The target layout is possible through shifting — so it's valid.
But if the target arrangement is "abced", no matter how many times you rotate, you can never form that exact order — so it's not valid.
Your task is to help the warehouse automation system check whether the target layout is achievable using only conveyor belt rotations.

Remember:
 No box can be removed or inserted.
 Only circular shifts are allowed.
 Rotation must preserve character sequence — just shifted.
So, can one box arrangement be transformed into another using only cyclic shifts?

Constraints:
Constraint	Description
1 ≤ s.length ≤ 100	Minimum and maximum length of string s
1 ≤ goal.length ≤ 100	Minimum and maximum length of string goal
Character type	Both strings consist only of lowercase English letters
Length condition	If s.length != goal.length, return false immediately
Operation allowed	Only cyclic left shift (move first character to the end)
No deletion/insertion allowed	Only character rotation, no rearrangement

Example:
Input:

s = "abcde"
goal = "cdeab"
 
Output:
 true

Explanation:
Perform rotations on s:

Rotation Step	Result
Original	abcde
1st shift	bcdea
2nd shift	cdeab
After 2 shifts, it matches goal.
 So, Output: true

// Java Code

import java.util.*;
public class Main {
    public static boolean rotateString(String S, String goal) {
        if(S.length() != goal.length()) {
           return false;
        }
     String Doubles = S+S;
     return Doubles.contains(goal);
  }
  public static void main(String[] args) {
      Scanner sc  = new Scanner(System.in);
      String S = sc.nextLine();
      String goal = sc.nextLine();
      boolean result = (rotate String S, goal);
      System.out.println(result);
      sc.close();
}
}
